Hey, welcome to the summary document. In this document I outline what the role of all files in this project, and what they are used for.
This should be helpful for you during grading to try and understand what all the doucments do.

.php FILES:
Main pages (You navigate and open these ones to work the website):
    index.php - Main page. Shows empty search results initially, and that content is replaced by new search results.
    Searching can happen from any.php file due to how the javascript is connected to all the file, but index.php is where
    home redirects you to and is made primarily for performing searches
    
    contact.php - The contact us page: Utilizes mostly html built in input cleaning to get data. Also includes a bonus
    javascript feature to show dynamically how close the user is to running out of characters in the description input
    Data is sent to processContact.php via a POST command to upload this to a server.
    
    processContact.php - Page that shows the POSTED data, and sends it to a database which was locally hosted on my 
    machine. Credentials may not work, but I don't know how to send database data details you could use.
    
    product.php - The dynamically generated product page for each book title. Since not all data can be sent 
    directly in URL (description is too long), only the ISBN is sent as a get request to product.php, after which
    a SQL query is done with that ISBN for the relevant book data.

Referenced/Included pages:
    footer.php - includes the raw HTML of the bottom of all the pages (copyright info)
    header.php - includes the raw HTML of the header on all pages (svg logo, website title,contact us and home links)
    sidebar.php - includes the raw HTML of the sidebar (left column of 2 column layout)
    
    searchPHP.php - Most complicated and important PHP: PHP backend that generates the asynchronous search results
    for all pages. Done via get request. Generates all the HTML that is outputted for the search results. Launched from
    main.js for asynchronous ajax searches.

.js FILES:
main.js - main javascript file. Has the javascript required for asynchronous searching, searching via clicking on links
and javascript for the automatically updating time on the sidebar.

contact.js - Includes javascript for the BONUS task of making the message remaining characters in contact.php dynamically
adjust based on how many more characters the user can type.

jquery-3.4.1.min.js - Jquery code in the event in cannot be found online.

.css FILES:
index.css - A monster of a css document. Used for all styling on the website since all webpages share many similar
elements, and one webpage can sort of "become" another via using the search feature at any time. Sorted rougly by
styles used for each main section, but can be a bit difficult to follow. Creates the multi column layout for the webpage

the sql folder: (Partly Bonus)
SQL Commands.txt - These were the commands I had to run on my local machine in order to be able to upload the results
from processContact.php to a localhost server. If these commands are run on myPHP admin database uploading should
(in theory) work.